good morning and welcome to least Monday
September 2nd project operations meeting
oh my goodness how is it already
September it is very exciting and also
terrifying at the same time we have the
starts of an agenda for the day but I
took the liberty yesterday of checking
in on our ok ours um because that's a
useful thing to do as were in the last
third of the quarter we have a couple of
items that we graded for the quarter is
we're gonna do this and yes we run
started he said I slotted some of those
in with how are we gonna do this what's
the plan what's the next step on those
so maybe we can you can start from the
top and work down
maybe alright Cora mutations here I can
present so everyone can stare at the
same thing as me alright everyone can
see boom implementations so um one of
our okay ours for this quarter was
having systemized operation policies for
issue triage response time and a github
github bought for reminders we thought
we were gonna actually get to this by
the end of the quarter which seems
awesome and exciting um what what is our
plan what are the next steps how can we
help make this happen
given actual real constraints on
scheduling and timing
you
I think it's is he assigned to me and I
had the chance to look at it and
considering my availability for the rest
of the quarter I don't know that I'm
gonna have any time to help with it
although I would really like to to see I
mean I had really good intentions so the
one set aside happens at Gore fest
without Auto assign reviewers that's it
but I do believe we can use you know to
actually do these things this new
release process count as a systematized
operation policy
I think it would be awesome if someone
else wants to volunteer to kind of help
drive it forward and maybe the best plan
there is if if someone is excited about
it to set up a meeting with Alan to pick
his brain of kind of his ideas going
into it and kick it off with like a mini
brainstorm session and I'm happy to be
involved in that I think it'd be really
interesting
I'm happy to work on this I just need to
remember to do it right well maybe let's
uh the three of us and whoever else
volunteers we can stick it in the peel
ipfs team chat on a day that is not a
holiday for you know a significant chunk
of our group and see who else will join
us and do kind of a kickoff and then
from there based on who is excited we
can split out some action items across
across people so it doesn't all fall on
one person's shoulders
you
awesome sounds good all right Steven
Yanni go piss enough to do in the next
thing nothing officially got the dirt
and get this yeah unfortunately this
is an area where people have to
volunteer for individual components so
if I have to discuss it at a meeting
with go people which we don't really
have I guess we could do the
Corporations call we're putting it on an
agenda item when a lot of people so the
people know - absolutely attend for this
and have it structured have a structured
so that people can walk through the list
of available repos and we can make sure
that they all have owners across
different places
you
any other core implementations updates
or exciting things
oh yes sir I've just written down that
there is an update today as I'm doing
this release process request I'm also
going to share these two points in the
core implementations meeting but yeah
that's that's there it looks exactly
like Oh ffs release process apart side
from a few additions that I made and I
think I highlighted them there but my
plan was to once if they were accepted
then Piazza go IGFs with those changes
and we would I already took Stephen
about them fairly okay with them so
that's good and the second thing was
just that because I'm not gonna be
around from approximately next week I
started at issue two to plan the next
release of Jessica first like who might
basically manage the process of getting
it released and via this new release
process I had to do the release
protesting first wreck again to that so
anyway yeah so I'm hoping to sort that
out this week
all right so if anyone wants to get
Alan's we're just perspective on
anything this week is the time to get to
you and we shall be ready for you to
disappear at any moment after we are
yeah I mean before I might I like just
this realistically any second good you
know it could likely two weeks after
next week for all I know
so I'll try and like ping just to say
that I'm not around anymore if I can
yeah let us celebrate you it's exciting
thank you be this like very exciting
okay thank you for helping prepare for
taking that time and also make sure to
take your time it's very important do it
I was losing sleep
that I hadn't prepared to handing over
stuff so I'm glad that I did manage to
get some of this stuff before I sleep
anyway
awesome good stuff implementations well
then all right on to collaborations
Arkady is mostly out today and I don't
think had time to drop in an update he
tricked you know latest status on any of
these
I'm navigating Mac os10 fullscreen
conundrum
sometimes it takes me a while to find
the right window again
I literally turned off scenes
full-screen mode because I couldn't I
couldn't handle it it just they kept
switching location yep so do we want to
go through the okay iris one by one for
this group as well around these issues
that we have here I just pulled some
that hadn't well one was an idea that we
talked about briefly that I thought we
should talk about on this call and and
then I just wanted to pull quickly on
ones that we're like this is this is
moving but we don't necessarily have an
update on the latest progress on or
where we should be getting ourselves
kicked off for that work
yep so the grants are our cottage said
he was going to have a draft of a plan
for that this week but brave I so I just
I just tested that and I I'm verifying
it looks like the toggle should be it
the toggle was in brave release so I
just pinged Lydell to see did did a
silent leash that release
because the toggle for installing it
because is there in their settings in
the released you but it should be it
should be in in beta and nightly already
for a while so we're gonna we're gonna
do it he dismisses me back we're gonna
verify what the state of that is it's
fantastic to have such enthusiastic
collaborators ship it early so we'll
also go back around on that one comes
for in s I do not have an update there
so I get one from riccati one he's back
around yeah we should definitely in
general for these these collaborations
we should be making sure to coordinate
announcements because I think you know
we have good visibility because we're
actively working with with these groups
but I'm probably pretty difficult for
folks who might want to take advantage
of these awesome tools to know that they
exist and how they can start using them
so if possible we should be starting to
queue up some blog posts
yeah the ad so the web browsers in web
browsers special interest group we're
gonna schedule and on site with a you go
and Lionel and I at the end of the month
to spend a couple days and that's part
of the plan is to as the ax start the
things are far enough along especially
engraved that we can start actively
messaging about that collaboration you
have a plan in hand for how we want to
do that and actually we want to do that
for and how we're going to measure
uptake after that point
nice that's that's definitely on the on
the menu
measuring uptake sounds like a great
idea and I guess one point I'll call it
around the proposal of having having our
own public portal de France and we
populate the backlog we've we've had a
dev branch program since like about a
year ago we just haven't had a public
portal for it people have kind of come
to us through a variety of channels and
and we've given dev grants in the past
so I'm curious whether folks think that
a backlog for you know kind of
visibility and tracking purposes should
be part of our
forward-looking dev grants repo which is
mostly there to coordinate people on new
topics that would be interesting dev
Graham candidates cooks have thoughts
there's the loads of stuff and the
various repos that I've seen that might
be deaf grant Abel the core
implementation folks would probably be
prime candidates that probably worth
looking and talking to where I rule -
about what worked and didn't work with
bounty izing limb p2p stuff if there
were bounties that were easily picked up
and ran with and ones that weren't kind
of what what types of features lends
themselves
to that I know that from previous
experience and projects doing this kind
of thing making things project tangible
easy for somebody who's new to the
project to pick up and run with or my
team who doesn't have to dip too deep
it's a core implementation flow to be
able to pick something up and run with
it's really important for making it
successful
makes perfect sense to me
yeah I think in order to you know
forward populate that step grant process
will will need more cross coordination
across people here because I don't think
any one individual can go and spin up
all of these deaf grants by themselves
but at the very least we have really
good exemplars from other projects to
emulate which is snazzy cool any other
clubs really did updates any any news
from opera are they back from holidays
now we are we I think we're gonna meet
this week to talk about what the next
steps are cool yeah I think or I'd
imagined that if we want to get
something out this year it's time to get
rolling that yeah they and the Android
team seemed pretty pretty confident and
the last time that we talked with them
it was really need to be able to connect
with a couple of those folks but the
details are in the details that's fair
enough
and they haven't actually started any
implementation work yet I assume I it's
not clear I mean they made their initial
you know an announcements about that
that kind of stuff quiet quite a while
ago but and and really the the whole
team there they haven't shipped anything
and they are not open source so it is
very difficult to to tell but they they
were looking at things like the
addresses in spec and they were already
pretty familiar it seemed like with what
was in it so I'm I think they probably
did some experimentation related to the
adapt stuff that they want to do is my
my kind of feel they're cool alright
that's good to hear
in the end of a pencil it's only gate
wastes support out of the gate - so
that's not too high of a hurdle fairness
hopefully configurable gateway support
such that you can do local stuff mm-hmm
yeah I think what are the one of the in
one of the interesting challenges there
is more just about what the people think
the use case says getting people's
imagination around the idea that there
might be a local node yeah like what
list it's so low cost to to think that
there might be let's just try it and
then there's not its cost of batteries
really Wilson that's kind of I wonder he
went we're talking about that potential
possibility I wonder if textile exposes
their mobile node it would be cool if
they did I'm gonna send a message to
kind of have it all right um I view best
community some things on our list here
was a run book so that we are prepared
from kind of outcomes comes to the
community perspective and like there was
something else but I feel like the first
step for a run book is to start
brainstorming the things that would go
on a run book I'm also happy to be in
that sort of a kickoff meeting who else
will also be good attendees for
brainstorming this I feel like maybe
DeVito Jeremy potentially like who's
who's been our comms thing like
historically so we make sure to get a a
full vantage point maybe mosh
you know if there's people who have been
through the crucible at least that
review of any of this would be a good
idea and if I remember correctly you all
had some documents a previous brainstorm
about this that we can use as a starting
point to but I know I have something in
my Google Drive history
I'll my names next to that little nuke
here so I will schedule a meeting teach
others
you
all right and Alan you want to tell us
about the the latest awesome blog post
yes I do
I think last week
we shipped a version of gesso PFS
httpclient
and it enables pub/sub in the browser
which is super cool because it's been
long awaited like many people and it's
been difficult because just the api's
were not there for a while and they
eventually became available in the
browser and lots of browsers now support
them all browsers now support them but
need to and that we care about at least
so it was trivial to do but it's like
what's really nice is that it's kind of
paving the way for our xing kuwait
endeavor in chess IVFs HTTP client so
it's all good news and because it was
kind of a big deal I wrote a blog post
it's really short very exciting I'm
curious is there any way for us you know
I know public channels it's all about
joining the channel is there any way for
us to know if people are starting to
adopt it is this feature in applications
actively super-awesome assume you're not
using the HT to advertise so it depends
on the at the other end of the HTTP
connection so then whatever node is
there however that's doing pubs though
because it's just a HTTP request and
sending pops up messages back and forth
to a node that does pub/sub in this on
the IPS network so NPM installs okay
so we could see if we have an uptick in
people downloading I like it as HTTP
client but there could be coincidental
well they weren't likely I haven't
tweeted about HTTP client for a while or
made any there hasn't been a significant
but there has been releases of it but
it's not it doesn't get to to the Bala's
nearly as much as I do they're popular
anyway all right something to think
about going forward all right
any updates from either the maintenance
side of things with the research side of
things
the only up if I'm mitten side we still
are having our weekly in Reb browsers
and giving meetings for varying levels
of participation we talked a little bit
about last week about why we're having
them and they still really important are
important to have for both maintenance
stuff as well as the collaboration
support for browsers we did a little
review of the list of issues that we
talked about these are all really the
important things that we still need to
figure out one way or another and
hackers working on kind of new
approaches to unit testing for desktop
so we can know if when things break
proactively
and I believe we get a devide back next
week
which is very exciting so hopefully
we'll have some some research updates
soon after that so we shouldn't expect
you any first arrives awesome right any
any other agenda item super wanna talk
through four minutes left
don't operate in a way
all right then cool well thank you all
have a wonderful rest of your day of
Labor and everyone who isn't taking time
off see you on the other side of taking
time off bye
all right cheers everyone have a good
day
you